[camera shutter clicks]
I'm done.
- Got it.
- You can release the scene.
Okay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Officer: Good night, Susie.
[engine turns over]
[clatter]
[horns honking]
[door opens]
I have been sitting on Prison Point
Bridge all morning.
Literally sitting.
What moron closes a lane
in the middle of rush hour?!
- There's coffee.
- Oh, thank god.
Ow!
What? Are you researching
CIA torture treatments?
Close. Medi-peutic ...
it's a day spa.
This treatment utilizes
high-frequency electropulse therapy.
People actually pay money for that?
Oh, you don't want to know how much.
Mm. Give me a battery
and some jumper cables.
I'll do it for ya.
I have a gift certificate
for one treatment.
One?
Oh, how ever will you decide?
I don't know.
It's proving quite difficult.
Oh! How about a reparative
oxygen and caviar plunge?
It's fish eggs.
[chuckles]
Do you really need to know more?
Okay, fine. There are
plenty of other options.
I think you should come with me,
and we'll make a day of it.
Mm-hmm. Can't wait!
Oh. I think I just found the
perfect treatment for you.
I bet you 5 bucks you're wrong.
Vino rejuvenation using the
free radicals and antioxidants
found in grapevines,
and each treatment comes with wine.
[cellphone rings, cellphone buzzes]
How much wine?
- [cellphone beeps] Rizzoli.
- Your very own bottle.
Isles.
Do you get the wine
before the treatment?
- Yep.
- You win.
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
6x05 - "Misconduct Game"
[siren wails, police radio chatter]
Jane: Okay, I'll make a deal with you.
I'll go to this medi spa...
whatever it's called ...
if you go to a Patriots game with me.
[laughs] That hardly seems
like a fair trade-off.
I know, but I'm willing
to suffer through a massage
because I'm a giver.
You really called out
the cavalry for this one.
Can I speak to you?
Maura, could you give us a second?
Sergeant Korsak?
Why would two Medical Examiners
be called in on the same case?
- That's a waste of resources.
- Maura, um...
What's going on?
I'm so sorry.
It's Susie.
What...?
What happened?
I don't know.
Um,  I-I'll go upstairs and find out.
Why don't you have a
uniform take you home, okay?
No, I'll be fine.
[camera shutter clicks,
police radio chatter]
I, uh...
never knew she'd been skydiving.
She asked me to join her.
Now I wish I had.
- You okay?
- Not really.
[sighs]
Around 8:00 A.M. this morning,
a neighbor noticed the
front door standing open.
They came in, found
the body, called 911.
There was no sign of forced entry.
Well, they were looking for something.
Yeah.
But her purse is still here.
It's got her credit cards, keys.
And her car is still
parked in the garage.
- Security cameras?
- Outside the garage and at the front door.
They show her car
entering around 11:26 P.M.
But nobody suspicious entered
at either the front or the
back entrance around that time.
They might've already
been waiting inside.
- All right, let's get her back.
- One moment.
Dr. Isles, I-I'm sorry.
I-I would've waited. Just ...
It's okay.
[zipper closes]
Findings?
[clears throat]
Time of death was approximately
somewhere between midnight and 1:00 A.M.
Cause appears to be blunt-force
trauma to the back of the head.
- The victim shows no ...
- "Susie."
- Sorry ... what?
- Her name ... Susie.
Uh...
I see no apparent signs of a struggle,
no signs of bruising,
or any other marks to Susie's body.
So it appears that she
never saw it coming.
Let's hope not.
We'll find who did this, Maura.
[camera shutter clicks]
No forced entry, no signs of struggle,
and she was attacked from behind.
You think Susie knew her killer?
Maybe she let him in.
Well, what the hell
were they looking for?
Jane. You need to see this.
- All of this was hidden in the wall?
- Yeah, along with this.
- Shit!
- Little over 5 grand.
- What was Susie doing with evidence?
- That's a good question.
Wait. You're kidding me, right?
There's no way Susie was dirty.
I didn't know her for very long.
But she seemed...
well, she... seemed very competent.
She was ... exceedingly.
In Afghanistan, I lost
a lot of colleagues.
I'm sorry.
I know how hard this is.
As Susie's employer and friend,
I have an obligation to
recuse myself from the autopsy.
But I'd like to see the
results as soon as possible.
Of course.
[vehicle door closes]
[engine turns over]
Korsak: We have to treat
this like any other case.
Dig into Susie's life and figure out
who had a reason to hurt her.
You mean find proof she
was doing something illegal.
- But she wasn't.
- Frankie, if you need
to step aside on this,
no one will think any less of you.
- No, I'm fine.
- No, seriously.
- If you have to ...
- I'm fine.
Well, I talked to a couple of lab techs.
They don't think she had a boyfriend.
- They didn't know about any threats.
- And none of the neighbors
reported anybody suspicious
hanging around over the last few days.
No arguments, nothing
out of the ordinary.
- Anything on the cellphone?
- Nothing that stands out.
Friends and family mostly,
a few work-related calls.
I also ran her bank records.
No big purchases or unusual deposits.
- So we got nothing.
- Except... this.
It's hard to imagine Susie taking bribes
in exchange for altering evidence.
If she was, maybe her
killer was searching
for a piece of evidence she'd taken.
Maybe they didn't want to pay a bribe.
Maybe they were looking for
a more permanent solution.
We need to match all these
to the cases they came from.
That'd be like finding
a needle in a haystack.
Hundreds of pieces of evidence
come through the crime lab every week.
Then we need to talk to
the one person who knows
what goes on down there
better than anyone.
That's ridiculous!
At this point, it's just
one avenue of investigation.
Well, it's a waste of time.
Susie Chang was one of
the most principled people
I've ever known.
She would never tamper with evidence.
Maybe you could just take
a look at the stuff we found,
see if you recognize any of it.
Without labels, it's impossible to say.
These could've come from anywhere.
But they didn't. They came
from Susie's apartment.
Okay... I will have the lab
test them for DNA or prints.
Maybe we can find a
match to an existing case.
- Thank you.
- Could you also give us a list of cases
- Susie worked in recent weeks?
- Of course.
But first, I need to
call Governor Holcomb.
- What for?
- Because this changes everything.
I mean, even a hint
that a senior criminalist in
the Medical Examiner's office
was tampering with
evidence is incendiary.
The press is gonna have a field day.
The press isn't gonna
find out about it ...
not until we have proof.
A scandal like this could
jeopardize every case
that has passed through this
lab over the last few years ...
- potentially thousands of cases.
- She's right.
Maura, come on.
At least give us a couple of days.
I cannot risk the Governor
hearing this from anybody else.
Yes, uh, Governor Holcomb, please.
This is Dr. Maura Isles.
It's important. I'll hold.
[sighs]
[elevator bell dings]
I got that address.
Want to ride out together?
- Yeah. Sure.
- What address?
Susie was working a crime
scene the night she was killed.
We're gonna check it out.
Nina and I will go over
Susie's recent cases,
- see if anything jumps out.
- Okay.
The right is from cash
found at the crime scene.
The left from senior criminalist
Chang's personnel file.
- An exact match.
- Hardly surprised, though.
I mean, it was found
in her apartment, right?
Yes, but I was hoping this would prove
- that somebody else put it there.
- Whoever ... Whoever...
killed her could easily have
put her prints onto the cash.
Of course.
But conjecture won't help us.
We need proof.
And until we have it, we
have to be very careful.
The Medical Examiner's office
is gonna be under a microscope.
How can I help?
I need you to take the lead on this.
Everything has to be transparent.
All procedures and tests
according to the strictest guidelines.
I was Susie's direct supervisor,
so we have to avoid any suggestion
that I am trying to affect the
outcome of this investigation.
- What if you don't like what I find?
- Just find the truth.
I am confident that that
will exonerate Susie.
So, Susie's last case was a homicide.
The vic was stabbed and bled out
before the paramedics arrived.
The body was over by that dumpster.
What are we doing here?
Susie was killed 6 miles from this place.
Susie died one hour after
she left this crime scene.
That gives her just enough time
to drop the evidence off
at BPD and then drive home.
You think she was followed?
Well... even if she was
guilty, Susie was smart.
She wouldn't want a criminal
to know where she lived.
I mean, she had to have
been followed from somewhere.
But there was no sign of forced entry.
A-And she never would've let
someone in she didn't trust.
No. And there was no record
of a call to set up a meeting.
Well, unless she had a burner
and they took that, too.
Janie, I-I don't want to
believe that she was crooked.
Nobody does.
We don't have all the facts yet.
I know, but how many times
have we seen good people do bad things?
Come on.
♪ If you really want to know ♪
Angela: Poor thing.
This is unbelievable.
It's just terrible.
Jane, come on.
You can clear this up.
You know Susie didn't do those things.
It's complicated, Ma.
You worked right next to her every day.
Don't you think you would've known?
- I do.
- Of course you would've.
She was your friend.
There's lots of stuff we
don't know about our friends.
Even you?
There's a couple things
you don't know about me.
Well, I could tell you a few things.
Yes, and I could tell you a
few things about this one, too.
It's not possible
that we could've been so
wrong about Susie, is it?
Look, you two haven't
had time to grieve.
Instead, you've been working this case.
You should be thinking
about all the things you
did know about her, like
what was her favorite food?
Mint chocolate chip ice cream.
- She kept a pint in the lab freezer.
- Ew.
Ice cream and lab tissues do not mix.
- Well, did she have a pet?
- Fluffy ... lizard.
Fluffy passed away two months ago.
Don't ask.
Well, what did she prefer...
socks or no socks?
- Who cares?
- Exactly. You can know someone
without knowing every
little detail about them.
Did you trust her?
- Definitely.
- Absolutely.
[cellphone rings]
It's Governor Holcomb.
[cellphone beeps]
This is Maura Isles.
Did you ever tell Maura
about the junior prom disaster
- with Benji Schwartz?
- No.
And you're not going to, either.
And if you do, I'll tell her about
your New Year's Eve 1999 fiasco.
[chuckles]
You wouldn't.
- Yes, I would.
- No.
I'd make stuff up, too.
No, Governor, I completely understand.
Okay.
Goodbye.
What'd he want?
The Governor is concerned
about the fallout
from a scandal at the
Medical Examiner's office.
He's hoping to get ahead of it
before the media gets
ahold of the story.
Therefore, effective immediately,
I am suspended from duty.
You gave a full report
of our investigation
- to the Governor's office?
- Yeah.
They requested it last
night, and I sent it over.
Maura got suspended
because of that report.
I was doing my job ...
by the book, as requested.
Now, did you need something?
Yeah, I needed the autopsy results,
and you haven't even started.
So, what ... so Maura puts
you on an investigation,
now you're out to get her job?
That's brilliant, detective.
You got me.
- Here.
- What is that?
The autopsy report that you requested.
2:37 A.M.
So, what?
You were here all night?
Yeah.
Plotting my overthrow of Dr. Isles.
And going through the lab's recent cases
to find if any of them are
missing any key evidence.
What'd you find?
Well, it's what I didn't
find that's interesting.
Not one case ...
Susie's or otherwise ...
in the last six months is
missing any of the evidence
that you found in Susie's apartment.
Well, then, where did it come from?
I'm afraid that's your job, detective.
Now, the autopsy did
confirm that Susie died
from a massive blow to
the back of the head.
Something ... Something heavy,
like a-a metal pipe or a tire iron.
I found some metal alloy
in the cranial avulsions ...
- Um... I'm sorry.
- Just tell me.
[sighs]
I also found some odd
lividity patterns ...
subtle fluctuations in
how the blood settled.
I think the body may have
been compressed after death
for approximately an hour.
- Compressed how?
- Well, wrapped up ...
in a-a tarp or plastic
sheet of some kind.
Wait a minute. Are you saying
that you think the body was moved?
Definite possibility.
Okay.
Okay, this is good.
Th... okay.
Um...
sorry about the whole
"you taking Maura's job" thing.
I'm sorry ... what was that?
I couldn't quite hear you.
Okay, you know what?
So, if the killer
transported the body here,
they could've planted the
cash and evidence we found.
Yeah, but they'd have to get the body
inside without any of
the neighbors noticing.
Didn't you say that the garage
footage was really dark, right?
- Yeah.
- All right.
[cellphone ringing]
[cellphone beeps]
- Yeah?
- Hey.
What if Susie wasn't
actually driving her car?
You think she was moved
in her own vehicle?
Well... [sighs]
I mean, you can see a driver,
but you can't see who it is.
Well, there's a back stairway down here.
They could've taken her up that way.
Around midnight, when none
of the neighbors would notice?
Well, if you're right,
the killer would've left on foot.
He would have wanted to ditch whatever
he wrapped Susie in right away so close.
Okay, I'll have CSRU
come and process her car.
Yeah.
[vehicle approaches]
Hey! Stop!
Stop that truck!
H-hey! Wait!
Boston police department!
How many trucks are working this area?
Three?
Well, get on the radio,
tell them all to stop.
This whole area is a crime scene now.
Which one are you supposed to be ...
Starsky or Hutch?
[sighs]
[cellphone vibrating]
- Did you find something?
- No. But we're really close.
- Maura, listen.
- No...
You don't even know
what I'm gonna say yet.
Jane, you're gonna ask
me to look at something
to do with Susie's case, and I can't ...
not until she's officially
cleared of any wrongdoing.
Maura, you know this
suspension is ridiculous.
You don't think I want to help?
Jane, I can't risk it.
The reputation of the
Medical Examiner's office
- has to be above reproach.
- What are you doing,
just sitting around
the house doing nothing?
I am not sitting.
All right, well, find something
to do, okay? Stay busy.
You and I do not do well on the
sidelines. I'll call you later.
Not until the Governor
lifts the suspension.
I know!
[cellphone beeps]
I know. God.
Jane.
CSRU found a plastic tarp in a dumpster
a couple of blocks
from Susie's apartment.
Are they sure it's
connected to the case?
There was dried blood and hair inside.
Kent's processing the DNA now.
If Susie was transported
to the apartment,
it probably means the whole
crime scene was staged.
Somebody's going to a lot of trouble
to make Susie look dirty.
The lab confirmed that the DNA
on the plastic tarp was a match.
- Susie was definitely moved.
- I knew she wasn't dirty.
Well, the killer wanted
everybody to think she was.
We cross-indexed all Susie's cases
with her e-mails, phone
calls, and lab requests
and then narrowed it
down to all the ones
most likely to have been
involved with her murder.
All right, everybody grab a stack.
We'll go through them individually.
So, Kent discovered additional fibers
inside the plastic lining?
A couple.
And these chemicals that
Kent found on the fibers ...
does he have any theories
on where they came from?
- Well, he's working on it.
- I'll just... hang on to this for a while.
You can't give it to Maura.
She asked us to stay away.
- I know.
- Jane...
I'm not going to give it to Maura.
I promise!
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
Maura?
[whirring continues]
- M-Maura! Maura!
- Oh.
[whirring stops]
Honey, what's going on here?
Oh, well, I am taking Jane's advice.
I'm keeping busy.
I've been meaning to do
a deep cleaning for months.
Oh, you're very thorough.
[chuckles]
Did you hear the latest about Susie?
- No.
- Yeah, Jane found proof that
she didn't do anything illegal.
Susie's clear.
- Ohh! I am so relieved.
-  Me too.
So, now you can go back to work, right?
Well, we're gonna have to wait
for the Governor to lift the suspension.
We can't afford anyone
thinking that Susie's innocence
was somehow manufactured
in order to avoid a scandal.
All right.
But, um... [clears throat]
now that I'm here, maybe, um...
- maybe you could help me with something?
- Mm-hmm.
What do you think of, um...
yeah ...
uh, pr-pro... pi... on... aldehyde?
- I'm sorry?
- Or, uh, methylanth-th-thracenes?
- Anything weird about those ...
- Jane sent you.
Jane?
No. She wouldn't do that.
[sighs] Maybe you could
help me pick that up,
and, um, I'll finish the vacuuming.
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
[papers rustling]
- Trivalent chromium.
- [yelling] What?!
- Angela, you have to tell Jane ...
- Wait, wait, wait!
[whirring stops]
What?
You have to tell Jane
to have the lab test
the trivalent chromium
particles for azurite.
Also, see if they can
detect heightened levels
of alicyclic C10 hydrocarbons.
Maybe you could just write that down?
Hey.
Um, I-I heard you were
a half-caff caramel macchiato man.
You didn't spit in it, did you?
Do I look like someone
that would be that immatu...
Please don't answer that.
Can you tell me about the fibers
you found on the plastic sheet?
Pigskin.
Due to the presence of
trivalent chromium particles,
I would say it was
from a leather product.
Well, Susie wasn't wearing leather.
You think the fibers could've
transferred from her killer?
Possibly.
Pigskin is used to make
leather jackets and gloves.
But I couldn't confirm it.
There were traces of smoke residue also.
Could you, uh...
run a couple of tests for me?
- And what tests would these be?
- Uh, check them for...
...azurite and...
alicyclic C10 hydrocarbons?
- Why?
- 'Cause I said "please."
- You do know you didn't say "please"?
- Please.
- Fine.
- Thanks a lot.
Just as a matter of curiosity,
what does this murder
have to do with a painting?
Who said anything about a painting?
Well, azurite is primarily
used for blue pigment,
and those hydrocarbons are
predominantly found in paint thinners.
Did you say that you
found smoke residue?
- It was in the report.
- I need you to run those tests now.
Like, "now" now. Please.
Here's something ... rape case
coming up for appeal next month.
Susie just completed the report
on new DNA evidence being
used by the prosecution.
That's interesting.
Let me see.
Forget about all those.
Where is Susie's file on the ...
the painting forger?
- Charlie Ganz?
- Yes.
Charlie Ganz murdered that art thief
and then killed himself...
that case is closed.
Not officially. Susie was
still making calls about it.
I think she ordered some new tests, too.
- Who did she call?
- Let me check.
Kent found smoke
residue on those fibers,
and they have the same
chemical components
as this burned painting.
- The Thomas Moran painting?
- Yes.
But the forger is the
one who torched it right
- before he killed himself.
- We thought he torched it.
You think whoever burned that
painting also killed Susie?
Yeah, and it wasn't Charlie Ganz,
'cause he was already dead.
Susie made three calls about this case
in the week before she died ...
the Huntington Museum,
Mary Hope Langdon,
the owner of the painting,
and a Dr. Kowalski at the
BCU art-history department.
Okay, let's ... let's call all of them
and see what she wanted to talk about.
Susie was chasing a theory on this case.
Yeah, and it's that theory
that got her killed.
The forger and the thief were both dead.
Everything wrapped up, neat and tidy.
But actually, there was
a third person involved.
I'll run all their known associates,
see if anybody pops up.
That was Dr. Kowalski, the
art-history professor at BCU.
He said Susie contacted
him because he specializes
in the Hudson River School of painters.
She wanted to know what
kind of wood Moran used
to stretch his canvases, which
was mostly alder, but ...
Maura: Jane.
I brought dinner... like we planned.
Right.
Ooh! Ooh! You got any extra?
'Cause I'm starving.
- Sorry. No. Jane.
- Right.
I hope this is something good.
I knew better than
anyone how Susie thought,
how she processed things.
So I downloaded all of her
work from the lab servers,
trying to figure out what she was doing.
- Nice.
- She was focused on the fire
that destroyed the
Thomas Moran painting.
- Focused how?
- She sent everything
recovered at the scene
back for additional analysis ...
the metal backing wire,
a small piece of the frame,
- all of the ashes.
- Did she find anything?
Traces of methylene chloride.
- Which is...?
- Methylene chloride is used
to strip the paint off of old canvases.
Wait a minute.
So... the painting in the
fireplace was stripped?
By a chemical that's only been
around since the mid-1900s.
- So the masterpiece in the fire...
- Is simply another forgery.
Maybe it was a practice version
of the one we found in the museum.
Well, then, everything
has been staged ...
the burning of the painting,
Susie's death.
What do you want to bet
that Charlie Ganz's
suicide wasn't real, either?
So somebody is tying up loose ends
with only one purpose in mind.
Yeah, so that no one knows
this $20 million painting still exists.
Okay.
But how would the killer know
that the M.E.'s office was
still investigating this?
All of these files are confidential.
- Susie made a few calls last week.
- So she may have tipped them off.
Yeah. Our killer is probably
someone that she spoke to.
Thank you, Maura.
[vehicle approaches]
[gearshift clicks]
Detectives Korsak and Rizzoli
to see Secretary and Mrs. Langdon.
Hey, open the gate.
BPD is here.
Where did the wife's
family get all her money?
- Her family invented clothespins.
- You're messing with me.
What, you think they
invented themselves?
Thank you, Sandra.
I haven't talked to anyone
from the police department ...
not since I spoke with the two of you.
This would've been a woman
from the Medical Examiner's
office ... Susie Chang.
Her records show a two-minute call
to your number four days ago.
Oh.
This is the house line, not my cell.
I didn't take this call.
Did you?
No. Anyone on the staff
could've answered that.
I-I'm sorry. What exactly is it
that you're hoping to discover here?
Well, we need to speak to
whoever took that phone call.
Why?
With all due respect, Secretary Langdon,
we're investigating a
homicide, so right now,
we're the ones asking the questions.
This Susie Chang ...
she was the same woman
- who was taking bribes, is she not?
- Actually, no. She wasn't.
And that information
hasn't been made public,
so how do you know about it?
Governor Holcomb told me,
and, frankly, I was outraged,
as every citizen in
Massachusetts should be.
- Sam.
- No, Mary.
This is exactly the kind of corruption
that we need to root out.
It's about time
somebody held these agencies
to a higher standard.
Sam, please.
You're not on the campaign trail.
Thank god.
Detective, what do you need from us?
We need to talk to everyone on staff
who might've answered that call.
[cellphone vibrates]
Fine.
Sandra, can you gather everyone, please?
Can you excuse me? I need to take this.
[cellphone beeps]
Hey.
Jane, I just heard from
Agent Burns at the FBI.
He says the guy who wanted
to purchase the Moran painting
got contacted about
buying it three days ago.
Our killer's trying to unload it.
Did they get any
information on the seller?
No names, but the seller did
give the buyer a contact number.
Nina: I ran the number.
It goes to a prepaid cellphone,
but it's not GPS-enabled.
So they can't get a location on it.
Not exact, but there were a few pings
off cell towers around Boston,
so he's somewhere local.
Frankie, do me a favor.
Call that number.
- Now?
- Yeah, now.
It's ringing.
[cellphone ringing]
[cellphone beeps]
I got him.
Get on your knees!
Put your hands behind your head!
Now!
[groans]
I want a lawyer.
[handcuffs click]
- Doesn't look too shaken up, does he?
- Smug bastard.
Turn off the cameras and give
me 10 minutes alone with him,
- he'll be shaken up.
- [sighs] We'll get him.
We don't have enough to put
him away, and he knows it.
Nina's still digging.
She found an offshore
account in his name.
It's got 100 grand in it.
You think he was paid
to steal the painting?
I do.
Right now, all we've got is
the cellphone he was carrying.
It ties him to the buyer
but not the victims.
Man.
[cellphone vibrates]
Frankie's back.
We'll get him.
[door opens]
Did you find anything
in Ainsley's apartment?
Nothing ... no painting,
no pigskin gloves,
no possible murder weapon.
Found something interesting.
Kirk Ainsley has worked for the Langdons
for almost eight years, but in his 20s,
he was an enlisted soldier in
the army, rising to sergeant.
So he has the skills
to have pulled this off.
But here's the interesting part.
- Guess who his commanding officer was.
- [beep] Who?
Captain Samuel Langdon.
So he's used to taking
orders from Langdon.
He owes him, too ... Langdon
pulled Ainsley to safety
when an I.E.D. hit their squad in Iraq.
- He saved Ainsley's life.
- But that still doesn't explain
why Langdon would
steal his own painting.
He's got plenty of money.
No, no, no. He doesn't have
the money ... the wife does.
Has Langdon filed papers to run
for next year's Governor's race?
$20 million would make
a nice campaign war chest.
And he could run the
money through a pac.
No one would know where it came from.
Langdon hasn't filed to run,
but he did form an
exploratory committee.
So Langdon wants to be Governor,
but his rich wife
isn't thrilled about it.
- Maybe she won't bankroll him.
- He recruits his old army buddy
to help him steal a painting
his wife already owns.
We need to have another conversation
with Secretary Langdon.
Well, Mary Hope is usually
right about these things.
[chuckles]
Detective Rizzoli, I was just saying
that I owe you two a huge apology.
I'm afraid that I let my enthusiasm
for improving our city
get the best of me.
- Well, thank you very much.
- I apologize if I was out of line,
and I want to help this investigation
in any way that I can.
You can start by telling
us about Kirk Ainsley.
Yes, particularly the
part about you being
- his commanding officer in the army.
- Of course. Yeah.
That's what makes this such a shock.
I've known Kirk for years,
and I never, ever would've
thought that he'd be capable
of doing something like this.
- Except that ...
- Well, he may have murdered three people.
You need to tell us whatever you know.
Ainsley was a good soldier.
But he came back from Iraq...
changed.
Honestly, I've been worried
about his mental health
- for a while now.
- Well, we can understand
how this would be difficult for you.
Why don't you, uh...
Why don't you have a seat,
uh, while Detective Korsak
takes your statement,
- and I'll grab us some coffees.
- Thank you.
- Oh, and, uh, detective?
- Yeah?
- Cream, two sugars.
- Of course.
[door opens]
Get up. We're taking a walk.
[handcuffs click] I'm not
saying a word without a lawyer.
Good. All you got to do is listen.
Get up!
I know that Langdon paid you off.
And I'm sure he told you
he would take care
of you no matter what,
get you the best lawyer money
could buy. [handcuffs click]
Where is this lawyer?
Huh.
[door opens]
Don't say a word.
Move.
And over the last few years,
Ainsley's become increasingly unhinged.
And where was it, again, you said
he might've hidden some evidence?
He has a small cabin
off upper Mystic Lake.
It's not registered in his name.
I think it's on old Pine Ridge road.
- You son of a bitch.
- Ainsley?
It was your idea, killing those
people and planting that evidence.
- What? That's ... That's absurd.
- What do you want to know?
I'll give you enough to put
this bastard away forever.
- Clearly he's insane.
- Oh, you lying sack of shit!
Hey, hey, hey!
All right, all right.
All right, you want to do the honors?
With pleasure.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
- in a court of law.
- You are making a huge mistake.
You have the right to an attorney.
Ah. Dr. Isles.
- Welcome back.
- Thank you.
And thank you for stepping
up the last few days.
Ah, I was just doing my job.
I hear they've recovered
Mrs. Langdon's painting.
Yes.
But I doubt that she will
- ever look at it the same again.
- Mm.
- Anyway, good night.
- Oh, Kent, uh, a few of us
are going to the Dirty Robber
after work ...
just a small celebration
of Susie's life.
Why don't you come?
Yeah.
- Yeah, I'd like that.
- Good.
Kent?
I think this is yours.
Ah. I was wondering where that got to.
Thanks.
Uh, I'll see you shortly.
[indistinct conversations]
[glass clinking]
[conversations stop]
Thank you all for coming.
We all know that Susie
loved a party. [laughter]
I knew the moment that I met Susie
that she was someone very special.
The second week she was at the lab,
we had a corpse arrive...
700 bee stings.
Massive skin lesions,
acute inflammation ...
[clears throat]
the point is, the next morning,
I came in to find Susie in the back,
covered from head to toe
in a beekeeper's suit,
running tests on four different hives.
And I knew then
that I had met a kindred spirit.
[voice breaking] We will miss you.
To Susie.
All: To Susie!
Uh, in honor of one of
our favorite science nerds,
I asked Nina to find
something that Susie liked.
- Were you able to find anything?
- This is Susie's iPod ...
the one she listened to when
she was working in the lab.
Isn't that against regulations?
- Oh, have a drink.
- Shut up.
Please continue.
Well, there's one on
here she played 468 times.
- Wow.
- Must've been a Brandenburg concerto.
There's nothing better to work to.
Or to fall asleep at your desk too.
[laughter]
[Soil's "Shine on" plays loudly]
♪ This will not fade away ♪
♪ we've lived every
word we've screamed ♪
♪ together, hearts in hand ♪
♪ you thank me for being me ♪
♪ to be just who I am ♪
♪ Make me see why I should
not fade away ♪
- # make me feel where you st... #
- You know the words?
Of course I do.
Don't you? Come on!
Yeah!
♪ we've shared fears of self-abuse ♪
♪ let me feel where you stand ♪
♪ I feel what you feel,
and you know what I know ♪
♪ the only way to make it
right is to keep it real ♪
♪ this will not fade away ♪
♪ we've lived every
word we've screamed ♪
♪ together, hearts in hand ♪
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org